Trace
NAME: Trace<br>BREED: Siberian husky<br>FROM: Abbotsford, Canada<br>POSITION: Team<br>TEAM: Sprint<br>ARTIST: Bran<br>
&emsp;&emsp;Before coming to Ilion, Trace was the dear pet of a young girl named Mariana, who was the daughter of a commercial pilot. Mariana was a lonely girl, begrudgingly accustomed to her lonesome, as the nature of her father's job forced her and her family to move often. During her teen years, Mariana was moved to a small city outside of Vancouver, where she ended up feeling even more isolated than before. Seeing how unhappy Mariana was, her father promised her this would be the last time they ever had to move—and to prove it, he adopted a dog from the local shelter for her. Her mother disapproved at first, but eventually relented; Mariana had begged many times before for a dog, but was always refused one due to their transitory circumstances. With the state her daughter was in now, it seemed like the time to finally oblige her.<br>&emsp;&emsp;Mariana was thrilled to bits by the adorable husky puppy that was given to her. They hit it off, and quickly became inseparable. Mariana even went on to name her after the frontman of her favorite band. Mariana was never that good at making friends—but now, at last, she had a friend in Trace. When she wasn’t in school, the two of them would spend most of their time together; in better weather, the two would enjoy exploring the areas around their neighborhood, and when it was cold outside, they liked to turn to indoor activities. In particular, Trace was often dressed up and made the subject of impromptu photoshoots for MySpace. She wasn’t sure exactly what the point of it all was, but she was happy to wear tutus and have bows clipped into her fur to make Mariana smile.<br>&emsp;&emsp;The good times unfortunately didn’t last, and the promise Mariana’s father made was inevitably broken. Her father wanted to move again, claiming that there was better money elsewhere, but Mariana’s mother was fed up. The conversation lead to a disastrous argument, which lead to a week long battle, and ultimately the decision to divorce. Trace wasn’t sure what was happening, but seeing her best friend so sad broke her heart. She did everything in her power to make her smile again, but her attempts at cheering her up were fruitless. Mariana's mother decided to take Mariana back home to Florida, refusing to bring Trace along. The last time the two saw one another, Mariana gave Trace her favorite bow, a big, tight hug, and a promise that one day they would see each other again.<br>&emsp;&emsp;Trace was left with Mariana’s father, who quickly resolved to surrender her to a shelter as he wouldn't be able to take care of her. In the shelter, Trace was still dazed from losing her entire life in what felt like a blink of an eye—but she was thankful that she at least had company at the shelter. At first she was shy with other dogs, but it seemed to help to take her mind off of her losses by being outgoing. After not long, she opened up, and the same dog she once was with Mariana shined through, goofy and eager to please. It was here where the musher found her and was charmed by her colorful personality; she still needed training, but she was exceedingly obedient and willing to do her best, sometimes even overdoing it a little.<br>&emsp;&emsp;Though Trace sometimes feels out of her element amongst so many talented and hardworking dogs, she hopes to become more like them and make the musher proud. The sanctuary may never be the same as her previous family home, but she has come to find it homey in a different way—and even when she’s shy, the other dogs make her feel like she’s part of a family again. Trace’s ultimate dream is to see Mariana again, or for Mariana to at least see her on TV—where she will find that Trace has still held onto her bow after all those years.
STRENGTH: ■■□□□<br>ENDURANCE: ■■■□□<br>SPEED: ■■■□□<br>DETERMINATION: ■■■■□<br>
&#x1F43E Her favorite hobbies are dressing up/being dressed up, especially in insanely bright colors and patterns, and posing for photos<br>&#x1F43E She's described as being very laid back and calm when not training or racing<br>&#x1F43E She loves making people happy, especially making them laugh, and does everything she can to meet that end; a real people's puppy!<br>&#x1F43E She's named after Trace Cyrus, the lead singer of Metro Station
&emsp;&emsp;"Despite her shy demeanor, Trace garnered the attention of the other dogs immediately upon her arrival. I mean, dogs can only see in yellow and blue, but that didn't stop them from being interested in all of the accessories and sparkles that she always wears. I was nervous that she'd be uncomfortable and overwhelmed by all of them asking her a thousand questions at once, but she didn't seem to mind at all which was a relief. In fact, I think her initial interaction with all of them helped her feel at ease during practice, because she worked so well with everyone during her first official race! It was a short race, but still! I was really proud of her. Since then she's participated in many races—And I haven't told her this, but I always seek out more notable sprint races for her to participate in. When she told me about how she wanted her original owner to see her, I made it my own goal to make that happen for her. There's yet to be a sprint race that has super popular coverage, but I won't give up! We've got the power of social media too! Oh—speaking of social media...When I first met Trace, I felt like I was being transported back to middle school. All of those early social media sites and fashion trends... Even though I grew up in a small village where malls and outlets weren't a thing, there were people in my class who managed to dress emo and scene! I mean, I guess they drove down to Anchorage to buy their clothes, but that's besides the point! It's cool that popular trends can make their way all the way up to small villages in the north! That's why I have hope that Trace's owner will see her again!"